[WIP] TELCODOCS-1540: Installing SNO clusters with the SiteConfig Operator (#78153)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-understanding-cluster-templates.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// Epic CNF-9657 (TELCODOCS-1540) (4.16)
// * edge_computing/cnf-understanding-siteconfig-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cnf-understanding-cluster-templates_{context}"]
= Understanding cluster templates

> Cluster templates are the set of installation artifacts that are generated from the `ClusterInstance` CR.
> The {sco} defines cluster templates by using the Golang text/template mechanism, and the Operator instantiates these cluster templates by using the data from the `ClusterInstance` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster templates are data-driven templates used to generate the set of installation artifacts. These templates follow the Golang text/template format and are instantiated using data from the `ClusterInstance` CR.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// Epic CNF-9657 (TELCODOCS-1540) (4.16)
// * edge_computing/cnf-understanding-siteconfig-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cnf-understanding-cluster-templates_{context}"]
= Understanding cluster templates

Cluster templates define the set of installation artifacts that are generated from the `ClusterInstance` CR.
You can create multiple sets based on the different installation methods or cluster topologies.

> The {sco} supports the inclusion of Golang text templates in the object definitions, which allows you to determine how the data from the `ClusterInstance` CR is used to populate fields in the cluster templates.

Reviewer: > The {sco} supports the inclusion of Golang text templates in the object definitions
Which object definitions?
